Gangadhar Appa Burande was an Indian politician. He was born in Moha village in the Marathwada region, and went to school in Ambajogai, Nanded and Hyderabad. During his student days in Hyderabad, he became involved in the leftist movement and joined the All India Students Federation. In 1942 he became a member of the Communist Party of India. He was one of the pioneers of establishing and building the Communist Party in Marathwada, and an activist in the anti-Nizam struggle. For a period he was jailed.

The 1964 FA Cup final was the 83rd final of the FA Cup. It took place on 2 May 1964 at Wembley Stadium and was contested between West Ham United and Preston North End. West Ham, captained by Bobby Moore and managed by Ron Greenwood, won the match 3–2 to win the FA Cup for the first time. Second Division Preston led twice through Doug Holden and Alex Dawson respectively, with John Sissons and Geoff Hurst equalising for West Ham. Ronnie Boyce then scored the winner for the London club in the 90th minute.

Brunswick River s an open mature wave dominated barrier estuary, located in the Northern Rivers region of New South Wales, Australia. Brunswick River rises on the eastern slopes of Mount Jerusalem, at Palmwoods, near Uki, and flows generally east southeast, before reaching its mouth at the Coral Sea of the South Pacific Ocean, at Brunswick Heads. The river descends 142 metres (466 ft) over its 34 kilometres (21 mi) course; through the towns of Mullumbimby and Brunswick Heads. Brunswick River is impounded by a lake at Tyagarah, where the local tea trees give the lake water a brown tint. This lake becomes a popular swimming hole in the summer months and is used by naturists who come down from Tyagrah Beach. The naturist area is only about 15 kilometres (9.3 mi) north of Byron Bay.

Gangadhar Appa Burande was an Indian politician. He was born in Moha village, located in the Marathwada region, and attended school in Ambajogai, Nanded, and Hyderabad. During his student years in Hyderabad, he became involved in the leftist movement, joining the All India Students Federation. In 1942, he became a member of the Communist Party of India. He was among the pioneers of establishing and organizing the Communist Party in Marathwada, and was also an activist in the anti-Nizam struggle. For some time, he was jailed.

The Daphné-class submarine was a class of the diesel-electric powered submarines designed and constructed for the French Navy in 1964. Marketed by the French government for the export market, the Daphné design went on to serve in South Africa while there were subclasses based on the Daphné design that were commissioned in the navies of Pakistan, Portugal, and Spain. The submarines were in operation between 1964 and the late 1990s, their service lives being extended to fill the capability gap until the newer French nuclear submarines became available. Two French submarines were lost and a third was sunk, but was salvaged.

The Environmental Crime Prevention Program (ECPP) was an organization which tracked dumped nuclear waste, including Soviet nuclear missiles left over from the Cold War. It was founded by Italian lawyer and security consultant Mario Scaramella along with his partner Filippo Marino in Naples, Italy in 1997. Describing itself as a "permanent intergovernmental conference" focusing on environmental crime with rotating presidencies by such countries as Samoa and Angola, Sri Lanka and Slovakia, Romania and the US, its true purpose remains difficult to discern, and recently the ECPP has attracted the attention of Italian investigative authorities, who consider it to be a probable intelligence front organization.

The 1964 FA Cup final was the 83rd final of the FA Cup. It took place on 2 May 1964 at Wembley Stadium and was contested between Preston North End and West Ham United. West Ham, managed by Ron Greenwood and captained by Bobby Moore, won the match 3–2 to claim the FA Cup for the very first time. Preston, from the Second Division, led twice through Doug Holden and Alex Dawson, with John Sissons and Geoff Hurst scoring the equalisers for West Ham. Ronnie Boyce then scored the winner for the London club in the last minute.

The Cágado (Turtle) is a river in the Brazilian state of Minas Gerais. It is a left bank tributary of the Rio Paraibuna and thus a sub-tributary of the Paraiba do Sul. It is 101 kilometres (63 mi) long and drains an area of 1,082 square kilometres (418 sq mi). The river rises in the Serra da Mantiqueira in the town of Chácara and passes between Bicas and Juiz de Fora through to Pequeri, Guarará and Mar de Espanha to its mouth on the Rio Paraibuna between the cities of Santana do Deserto and Chiador.

The Indian cricket team toured the West Indies during the 1961–62 season to play a five-match Test series against the West Indies. The tour also included four tour matches against the West Indies' first-class sides. The West Indies won the Test series 5–0. In the total of 12 games that India played, they won two, lost six and drew four. Nari Contractor, who was leading the India side during England's 1961–62 Asia tour, was again named captain on 11 January 1962 for the tour of the Caribbean by the BCCI. The squad was announced on 16 January. Ghulam Ahmed was named the tour manager.

The Environmental Crime Prevention Program (ECPP) was an organization that tracked dumped nuclear waste, including Soviet nuclear missiles left over from the Cold War era. It was founded by Italian lawyer and security consultant Mario Scaramella and his partner Filippo Marino in Naples, Italy in 1997. The ECPP described itself as a "permanent intergovernmental conference" focusing on environmental crime, with rotating presidencies by countries such as Samoa, Angola, Sri Lanka, Slovakia, Romania, and the US. However, its true purpose remains difficult to determine, and recently the ECPP has attracted the interest of Italian investigative authorities, who consider it to be a likely intelligence front.

The Eastern Suburbs is the eastern metropolitan region of Sydney, New South Wales, Australia. Informally, references to "eastern suburbs" are often limited only to the area east of the Sydney Central Business District, one of the earliest areas developed beyond the town centre. However, the Eastern Suburbs of Sydney in the more expansive sense refers to the whole area situated to the east and south-east of the Sydney central business district, around the southern shore of Sydney Harbour to the Pacific Ocean beaches and continuing on to the port at Botany Bay and La Perouse. 